#1
Try to recruit more conservative members 
 

#2
Have a three strikes rule for reality deniers 
 

#3
Require posts to come from legitimate sources. Don't allow shit posting, racism, and obvious lies. 
 

#4
All of the admins seem to be liberal in their leanings. Maybe think about adding someone center-right to actual conservative to add balance  
 

#5
I've only been here for a few months. Lots of good and lots of crazy.  So, normal.  
 

#6
Stop giving a platform to people who clearly arent here to learn or debate and are only trolling.  
 

#7
I think the slight conservatism of the moderators allows rightward thinkers to feel able to express their opinions. The smattering of shitposter lefties and shitposter righties is a symptom of current US political discourse, not anything endemic to the group. Of the rather few political groups I’ve found, this one is my favorite – freest discussion without going gonzo, broadest range of ideologies. & the podcast is pretty awesome. I think the more intelligent writers you absorb from any side of the spectrum or walk of life, the better off you’ll be. My only suggestion is that the moderators make a habit of stimulating discussion whenever it seems to thin out. I’d hate to see this group go to seed for not being hoppin’ enough. 
 

#8
No  
 

#9
I think this group is better than most political groups on FB.  Aside from booting overt trolls faster, I don't see many things that need improvement.  Admins are present in the threads and people make decent contributions to the topics. 
 

#10
Keeping the group well moderated and maintaining the general "theme" of the group as one of the (very rare) places on Facebook I can read through a comment section on, and generally expect things to be civil, plenty of well thought out discussion and genuine debate - but which also isn't an echo chamber. I think it's also a huge plus that it's very common for members to link credible articles to support their viewpoints, and provide detailed information to back them up. It isn't just politics via soundbites.

Slowly growing the group to get a wider range of voices and minds to weigh in seems like the only big opportunity to improve on what's there, though honestly the group is definitely an example of quality>>>>quantity.  
 

#11
Needs more INTELLIGENT right/conservative/republican points of view. 
 

#12
I think more topics on why mob rule is a bad way to govern a country and how both the right and left are failing.   I'd like to see more philosophical topics come up.  To keep the wheels of the mind turning and checking ourselves.  I think many on the left and right are lacking basic norms.  Like how vigilante justice is wrong. 
 

#13
So far so good! 
 

#14
Attract a few more conservatives 
 

#15
You probably could write better survey questions. Make this about the reader's perspective, not your perspective. Try to find focused needs that we want in such a group? 

This question is a case in point. 

"How would you suggest we improve balanced and effective political discourse in FB?" 

"How do you think we can extend balanced an effective political discourse beyond these FB system?"

For example. Either way, I really appreciate your efforts and totally dig the motivations of what you're up to!
 
 

#16
Thanks 
 

#17
Do not allow insults, even indirect ones.  Do not allow hyperbolic posts or replies. 
 

#18
Just keep everyone honest. 
 
 

#19
Get more classical liberals to join tho provide more balance.  
 

#20
The Facebook algo is weird, I'm not sure how useful it is when the posts I see are generally old or jumbled at that point. Then again, I stopped going directly to the page because there were so many posts per day, the best stuff gets lost in the mix. I know approving each post is exhausting but if there were recurring posts for themes of discussion, resources, QOTD (ie poll/discussion?), perhaps that would help? Great stuff, in general! 
 

#21
Too heavily balanced to the right. 
 

#22
More Admins that are Right of Center 
 

#23
I'm good with the way it is, for the most part 
 

#24
Don't let people like David whats-his-name-that-just-got-kicked-out post his unfounded garbage.
I think sometimes there is too much concern for being equal and unbiased. It's not fair when someone is starting and continues doing unacceptable behavior without consequence, but when the second party responds they are admonished equally. 
 

#25
So far, so good 
 

#26
This is probably a slippery slope, but perhaps pre-approved or pre-declined sources of informations, e.g. Wall street journal vs. Drudge Report 
 

#27
Add about a dozen or two highly active members from outside the CSP mutual friends circle.  
 

#28
Equality in going after rule breakers. Vett the hell out of these people. 
 

#29
No 
 

#30
Discussions would likely be more balanced if the admin’s and moderators were more spread out by ideology. I know there’s been a recent push to Make it more diverse, but Most of the new mods are leftists By nature.  And if they could remain unbiased in their abilities to moderate, it would be fine… But many of them can’t. Their bias is obvious in what they let slide and what they point out as problematic. 
 

#31
Not really. Like most political groups I find if you're not far left then there is no place for you. I truly consider myself to be a centrist with personal views that are slightly right-leaning but also feel it's not my place to impose those beliefs on people's civil liberties. And there is no view that I can or have expressed that has not been lambasted as being some kind of right wing extremist. I truly don't feel it's worth it to express even a centrist opinion. I 
 

#32
Continuously and diligently fact checking posts. It’s a hard task during these crazy times with so much misinformation floating around. However, the spread of misinformation feeds chaos.  
 

#33
people become strident in expressing their views.  All Views Matter.  

Admins/Mods need a soft hand in guiding threads away from the personal, but they need to use that hand. 
 

#34
I’m not sure how it could be practically done, but an encouragement towards posts that reflect a deeper consideration of policy points, and solutions for issues, might be worthwhile. Possibly also in terms of how one might go about initiating changes in real life politics, perhaps to advance ideas in local political scenes. This may be reflective of my own distaste with meaningless discussion however- if I’m not actively learning from it, which is rare, and I’m not usefully networking, I have little interest anymore. So my suggestions are reflective of a sense of meaninglessness in online forums- it is also underscored by the fact that many of the members are fairly inteligent and carry clear ideological goals. It would be nice to see some way in which the forum might be turned into what forums were originally meant for- not merely discussion, but PRODUCTIVE discussion, capable of shaping policies or assisting in their advancement. This is likely too ambitious. You do run a good group though, so don’t take this as too much of a critique. 
 

#35
More watch parties, podcasts, in-group advertisement 
 

#36
It's akin to finding a unicorn, but I'd like to see more conservatives that are critical thinkers so we can actually debate. The current brand of brainwashed broken records makes me avoid discussion. 
 

#37
Not really. I haven't followed mod decisions enough to really know if they're biased or not. 
 

#38
Make a "red flag" challenge available, where we can call people on their lies and misrepresentations. Make it where they have to back up what they said with cites.
Too many people feel free to fling opinions as facts.
Those caught openly pushing disproven lies and allegations deserve sanctions, including making amends for posting BS. 
 

#39
It’s actually a pretty well put together group, just have to keep the trolls out.  
 

#40
Be less concerned with language and more concerned with content.  
 

#41
Unfortunately I don't think there is anything anyone can do. I joined the group because I was told it was a space for real conversation to be had. And I don;t find this to be the case.  While it might not be quite as mean as some groups, I don't see any real conversation that is opened minded and looking to create peace. Most people are simply heals dug in on how they feel.   
 

#42
As much as right wing people can make my brain hurt? Current tides say we need more opinion from them, varying degrees would be cool.  Maybe broader topics than just one current topic? And possibly world politics? But that’s not the admins, that’s contributions and I’ll give props that they contribute more than most in other groups  
 

#43
I'd say prune some trolls but actually there aren't so many in this group. 
 

#44
Stronger encouragement for members to have an opening discussion point in their posts. There's very little that can be done with solitary links or obvious rage baiting. 
 

#45
Don't allow bigotry under the guise of "the open market of ideas' it's toxic. 
 

#46
Not at this moment. 
 

#47
need more true conservatives, not just Trump supporters 
 

#48
Nope it's all great 
 

#49
It's fine as is 
 

#50
Not presently 
 

#51
More outreach. 
 

#52
I’d like to see more traditional Republicans not Trump supporters and not libertarians.  
 

#53
Relentlessly keep the focus on reasoned argument, quality sources, historical understanding. Keep recruiting intelligent women, minority and right of center members. 
 

#54
Possibly use a site like mediabias/factcheck to set a standard for the entire group as far as posting propaganda or news sites with low factual reporting histories, so that everyone who is in the group accepts what facts actually are and possibly understands on at least a rudimentary level the difference between credible and tabloid journalism. Without an accepted reality of facts discussions become fruitless. If the article doesn't meet the minimum threshold on factual reporting that the admins agree to and notify the group of via the rules or pinned post, then the poster is made aware that it's a dubious source and then the post is removed. That way we are all singing off the same sheet of music rather that fighting facts with alternative facts. I'm specifically referring to Dan Brady here. lol 
 

#55
More in depth, philosophical topics vs topical political ones. 
 

#56
Actively seek out reasonable conservative voices, or admit that they aren't wanted. Caveat: I say that, while not having done so for the group myself.  
 

#57
Mods need to put more effort into not allowing their personal bias to influence decisions.  
 

#58
I see very less participation of both the admins and group members. Really need a good amount of energy to talk up to these matters. Beside sharing, I consider 'Opinion based' post so that engagement might be better.  
 

#59
Better branding :) —right now it doesn't look much different than a conspiracy theory group, but then maybe that's the target audience to expose them to facts? 
 

#60
The only gripe I have is the right leaning people are held to a different standard than those on the left. And it would make it better for the group if there were more conservative participants, but no one can control who participates. But my belief of why they don’t is because of my first answer to this question. 
 

#61
no 
 

#62
Ditch troll posters, shit posters and, if you want to avoid insult fests, ditch those who only comment to insult 
 

#63
Not at this time.  I haven't been overly active in the group, mostly because people are more informed than I am on subjects so I am absorbing more than I am debating subjects most of the time.  
 

#64
No 
 

#65
Not at this time  
 

#66
Not this time 
 

#67
Keep it as os 
 

#68
Scaling up is challenging. But it happens in nature; if it didn't, Whomever Readingthis, you wouldn't be here. Have a plan. Shit, have ten of them. Did you ever see "In the Line of Fire"? Think John Malkovich's whiteboard. <3  
 

​
